[BEE-24623] Update plugin description (#55)
electric-cloud/EC-Azure: help/help.adoc

This plugin was developed and tested against Windows Azure 2012.

{PRODUCT} minimum version 4.0

[[Windows_Certificates]]
== Working with Windows certificates

Azure procedures may require a Windows certificate to authenticate requests. To create and upload a certificate to Windows Azure:

. Generate an X.509 certificate using the Certificate Creation Tool (Makecert.exe) using the follow command:
+
`makecert -sky exchange -r -n "CN=<CertificateName>" -pe -a sha1 -len 2048 -ss My "D:/<CertificateName>.cer"`
+
NOTE: Makecert.exe is included with Visual Studio and Windows SDK installations. For more information, refer to link:http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bfsktky3(VS.80).aspx[Microsoft's Makecert.exe page].

> . To upload the Windows certificate to Windows Azure, refer to link:https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/cloud-services-configure-ssl-certificate/[How to Add a Management Certificate to a Windows Azure Subscription].

Reviewer: Sorry; should have mentioned this yesterday. If this is the correct link, recommend updating the link title to match the title on the page that we're linking to.
```suggestion
. To upload the Windows certificate to Windows Azure, refer to link:https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/cloud-services-configure-ssl-certificate/[Configuring TLS for an application in Azure].
```

Author: updated

+
NOTE: Makecert.exe is included with Visual Studio and Windows SDK installations. For more information, see link:http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bfsktky3(VS.80).aspx[Microsoft's Makecert.exe page].

. To upload the Windows certificate to Windows Azure, see link:https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/cloud-services-configure-ssl-certificate/[How to Add a Management Certificate to a Windows Azure Subscription].

[[Plugin_Procedures]]
== Plugin procedures

This plugin enables the following:

* Database management
** <<Create-Or-Update-Database>>
** <<Delete_Database>>
** <<DeleteDatabase>>

* Group management
** <<Create_or_Update_NetworkSecurityGroup>>
** <<Delete_NetworkSecurityGroup>>
** <<Create_or_Update_NetworkSecurityRule>>
** <<Delete_NetworkSecurityRule>>

* Network management
** <<Create_or_Update_Subnet>>
** <<Delete_Subnet>>
** <<CreateVnet>>
** <<DeleteVnet>>

* VM management
** <<CreateVM>>
** <<Start_VM>>
** <<Restart_VM>>
** <<Stop_VM>>
** <<Delete_VM>>

* SQL and NoSQL operations
** <<SQL_Operations>>
** <<NoSQL_Operations>>

* Resource management
** <<Teardown>>

> IMPORTANT: For all parameter descriptions below, required parameters are shown in [.required]#bold italics#.

Reviewer: We could remove this admonition, since we state "(Required)" for the required params below and none of them are bold/italic?

Plugin configurations are sets of parameters that apply across some or all of the plugin's procedures. They are intended to reduce repetition of common values, create predefined sets of parameters for end users, and to securely store credentials where needed. Each configuration is given a unique name that is entered in designated parameters on procedures that use them.

Plugin configurations are created by going to the {PRODUCT} "Administration" tab, then to the "Plugins" sub-tab. On the right side of the line for the EC-Azure plugin, there is a "Configure" link which will open the Configuration page.

> Subscription ID must be created and an X.509 management certificate needs to be uploaded to the certificate store. You can do this using the https://www.windowsazure.com[Management Portal]

Author: updated

> [cols="1,1",options="header",]

Reviewer: To ensure the tables are interpreted and rendered as AsciiDoc, recommend updating all tables to include the `a` and to remove the extra `,`: https://engineering.beescloud.com/docs/beewrite/latest/syntax/tables
```suggestion
[cols="1a,1a",options="header"]
```

> [cols="1a,1a",options="header",]

Reviewer: I don't think it affects rendering like the missing `a` does, but recommend removing the extra `,` in the tables.
```suggestion
[cols="1a,1a",options="header"]
```

Author: updated all

> This procedure allows users to create or update an Network Security Group.

Author: updated

|JobStep Timeout |Timeout for the step execution in minutes. Blank means no timeout.
|===

image::cloudbees-common-sda::cd-plugins/ec-azure/parameters/delete-vnet.png[image]

[[CreateVM]]
=== CreateVM

This procedure allows users to create a VM using Azure Services.

[cols="1,1",options="header",]
|===
|Parameter |Description
|Configuration |The name of the configuration which holds all the connection information for Windows Azure. (Required)
|Server Name |Name of the new Server. (Required)
|Number of Instances |Number of instances to be created. (Required)
|Image URN a|The image URN in the form publisherName:offer:skus:version/ The source VHD link of a user image. For example, `\https://foo.blob.core.windows.net/system/Microsoft.Compute/Images/vhds/snap-bar.vhd`.(Required)

> ====
> NOTE: For your user image to be accepted, it must belong to a storage account in same resource group as VM itself (this is Azure's requirement).
> ====

Reviewer: We can omit the `====` before and after the note admonition, so it doesn't include the bold outline around the note box.
```suggestion
NOTE: For your user image to be accepted, it must belong to a storage account in same resource group as VM itself (this is Azure's requirement).
```

Author: updated

For example, `-rgn ResourceGroupName VirtualNetworkName`
|Subnet |Name of an existing subnet within a Virtual Network. Requires Virtual Network to be set.
|Create Public IP Address? |Create Public IP address for the deployed servers?
|Resource Pool |If you would like to add {PRODUCT} resources for each Azure instance being created, enter the resource pool name for the new resources. If left blank no resource will be created.
|Resource Port |If you specify a resource pool name in 'Resource Pool' field, this is the port that will be used when creating the resource. If no value is specified, port 7800 will be used by default when creating the resource.
|Resource workspace |If you specify a resource pool name, this is the workspace that will be assigned to the created resources.
|Resource Zone Name |Created resource will belong to the specified zone. Zone 'default' is used by default.
|Machine size |Size of the machine. For example, Standard_D2_v2. Refer to link:https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cloud-services/cloud-services-sizes-specs[Virtual machines sizes] for reference.

> |Results Location |Location where the output properties will be saved. If not specified, thsi will default to '/myJob/Azure/deployed'.

Reviewer: Figured we can update this too, since already editing. (Also generally recommend using [present tense](https://engineering.beescloud.com/docs/beewrite/latest/style#_using_present_tense_and_future_tense_appropriately) rather than future tense in most cases, but probably not worth updating all other instances in this file since this plugin will soon be unsupported.)
```suggestion
|Results Location |Location where the output properties is saved. If not specified, this defaults to '/myJob/Azure/deployed'.
```

Author: updated
